INTRODUCTION.

1. rire or JUVENAL.

OF the life ol Decimus Junius Juvenalis very little is certainly
known. The materials for a biography are scanty ancl are mainly
derived froin sources of doubtful character. Again, when the
source happens to be above suspicion, it is by no means certain
that the information thus supplied really refers to Juvenal him-
self. We know that Juvenal was os Italian birth, lived at Rome,
aud wrote satire during the first thirty years oi the second
century. But when more precise detail is asked for, it is neces-
sary to distinguish between ascertained lact and more or less
plausible hypothesis.

Our knowledge of the lives of Latin authors, apart from the
evidence of their own writings, and incidental notices in con-
temporary or later literature, is drawn from fragments of a lost
work by Suetonius. This was a biographical history of Roman
literature, entitled De Virri Illustribus. The excellent lives of
Terence and Horace preserved in some ol their manuscripts, are
taken srom this source Í¾ and the meagre notices os other writers,
such as Lucretius, including little more than the name and dates
ol birth and death, are extracts from the same work, which were
added by Jerome to his' Latin translation ol the Greek Chronicle
ol Eusebius. This Chronicle was compiled about 328 an. and
translated fifty years later.

y juvenal lived too late to have Suetonius lor tus biographer. r

 

